So again,
we've already set up our CLI tools, right?
We've already got Terraform installed, and
we've already got Doppler installed and
everything's set up, right?
So what I'm going to do now is,
I'm gonna do a terraform init.
And I want you to note that I'm doing
terraform init without my Doppler
command, right?
Because as it is right now,
I'm not talking to terraform
cloud really whatsoever.
So I'm gonna do terraform init, and
then I'm gonna do terraform validate.
These two commands are really going to be
the two commands you start with when you
create terraform automation.
You want to initialize after you've
created something, so it can download all
of the module or all the modules you're
using and all the providers you're using.
And so if you look at my repo, you'll see
that I have a .terraform directory, and
inside of that I now have modules and
providers.
That's because Terraform just
downloads code at the end of the day.
These are the actual repos,
it's even got my flake files for Nicks and
stuff like that in here, just because
it's the literal repository, right?
Same thing for the provider.
If we go all the way to the end,
that's the actual 20 megabyte binary for
terraform, tfe provider.
So it literally just goes out and make
sure that it downloads everything for you.
That's what init does, right?
Init, right?
Validate will actually parse your code.
Now, it will not run your code
against the actual infrastructure, so
it's not gonna tell you if it'll work from
a API level perspective, but from a syntax
perspective, it will in fact tell you
what's working or what's not, right?
So again, if we do validate right, my
configuration is valid, so that's great.
Alright, so now what we want to do is
we actually want to apply this against
Terraform Cloud, right?
So in this scenario, we actually want
to use our Doppler command here.
And the reason why we're
using our Doppler command,
because we injected the TFE token
into our configuration, right?
In Doppler.
When I run Terraform Commands.
Now, it will actually be able
to connect the Terraform Cloud.
So I'm gonna do terraform plan, and I'm
gonna do -out note, a single dash here,
not a double dash, single dash and
then I'm gonna do Terraform plan.
Now, you see when I run my plan,
I get two new resources.
The first is my project,
fem-ci-project under my organization,
right, and then my workspace as well.
And you can see my
execution mode's been set.
You can see my name's been set,
organization.
All that good stuff.
So at this point, this plan looks
good we don't have any errors or
any problems like that.
And so now if I wanted to,
I could actually apply this.
So to apply it, we really just go up,
go to the right or go to the left,
sorry, delete everything
besides Terraform and
the actual file name and
put apply in between Terraform and apply.
So the idea here is is that
we initialized, right?
We validated, right?
We planned and
now we're actually going to apply.
That cycle is really the whole cycle
you're going to be doing in TerraForm for
the rest of your experience with it.
Again, initialise,
validate, plan and apply.
So let's go ahead and apply.
There we go.
So if I go back to Terraform Cloud,
refresh my page.
There we go, you can see I have
a brand-new workspace, and
then underneath it,
you can see I have a project.
Now, if I wanted to see that project I
could click this and just like before.
Now, I can actually select
just any projects or
any workspaces related to my
project that I created, right?
Now, we have a bit of organization
which is really nice.
The reason why we do this as
well is because in the future,
you're probably going to
have a lot of workspaces.
So this will make it easier for you to
navigate when you're like what was that
one specific component that I need access
to the really only other option you can do
is searching workspaces and I'll be honest
it's not always helpful when like nine of
them are named the same thing with like
one environment variable difference or
something like that So,
I really do recommend using projects,
they're super helpful, they're super
easy to navigate with, and honestly,
I wish we used them at my work,
because we don't.
So that's why I'm telling you to use them.
Do as I say, not as I do.